1.      Project Overview		
Sprint Goal: 		
·       Identify international standards and regulations that set requirements for thresholds and benchmarks -  A comprehensive list of relevant international standards and regulations with key requirements summarized.		
·       Identify existing methodologies to establish thresholds and benchmarks -  A detailed feedback on various methodologies, analyzed and validated by industry experts.		
·       Identify different use cases, preferences, and roles to apply thresholds and benchmarks - A document outlining use cases, preferences, and roles, reviewed and confirmed by potential users.		
·       Identify different categories in the value chain, including portfolios to assess thresholds and benchmarks - A validated mapping of value chain categories and portfolios relevant to benchmarks and thresholds.		
·       Identify different categories of market participants - A categorized and cross-checked list of market participants with role descriptions.		
·       Define concepts of benchmarks and thresholds considering the points above - A comprehensive benchmark definition, reviewed by the project team and stakeholders.		
·       Identify challenges of comparability, consistency, and other points as determined relevant at this point in time - Documented and tested solutions for comparability and consistency challenges, with implementation guidelines		
·       Project Closure: Conclude with a team debrief and communication to stakeholders -  Final project report and debrief completed, with formal communication to stakeholders and feedback collected.		
Duration: 2 months (Sessions in Q3 2024)		
Timeline	Tasks and Completion	%
Week -1 : Last Week August 20.08.2024	·       Explain Project Scope and Sprint Setup	100
	·       Provide all the participants an understanding on how sprints are conducted and the procedure developpes	
Week 1 : Tuesday 03.09.2024 –	·       International Standards and Regulations	100
 13:00-14:00 (Paris)	·       Review of International Standards and Regulations for Thresholds and Benchmarks	
	·       Discuss and finalize the comprehensive list of international standards and regulations, summarizing their key requirements.	
Week 2: Tuesday 13:00-14:00 (Paris) 	·       Methodologies for Establishing Benchmarks	100
	·       Analysing and Validating Thresholds and Benchmark Methodologies	
	·       Present and evaluate detailed feedback on various methodologies, ensuring they are analysed and validated by industry experts	
Week 3: Tuesday 13:00-14:00 (Paris):	·       Use Cases, Preferences, and Roles applying Thresholds and Benchmarks	100
	·       Identifying and Confirming Use Cases, Preferences, and Roles	
	·       Outline and review different use cases, preferences, and roles for thresholds or benchmarks with potential users, gathering confirmation and feedback	
Week 4: Tuesday 13:00-14:00 (Paris):	·       Value Chain (owns operations, upstream, downstream) and Portfolios	66
	·       Mapping Value Chain and Portfolios for Benchmark Assessment	
	·       Validate the mapping of value chain categories and portfolios relevant to thresholds or benchmarks, ensuring completeness and accuracy	
Week 5: Tuesday 13:00-14:00 (Paris):	·       Market Participants and Benchmark Concepts	33
	·       Categorizing Market Participants and Defining Benchmark Concepts	
	·       Categorize market participants and define benchmark concepts, reviewing and approving the comprehensive benchmark definition with the project team and stakeholders.	
Week 6: Tuesday 13:00-14:00 (Paris):	·       Addressing Comparability and Consistency Challenges	66
	·       Resolving Comparability and Consistency Challenges in Benchmarking	
	·       Document and test solutions for comparability and consistency challenges, creating and reviewing implementation guidelines	
Project Closure 	·         Conclude with a team debrief and communication to stakeholders 	100
	·         Final project report and debrief completed, with communication to stakeholders and feedback collected.	
		
		
		
2.      Sprint Process		
Agenda Items		
3.1	Shared upfront and at least 48 hours before meetings.	
3.2	Participants can suggest changes until 48 hours before.	
3.3	Additional points can be shared before/during meetings.	
3.4	Accepted without objection; last session (October 8th, 2024).	
Content		
3.5	Sprint master and publication team manage all information.	
3.6	Document shared after each meeting as part of the next agenda.	
3.7	Removal only with valid reasons and after participant consultation.	
Participation:		
3.8	Anyone can be added as a contributor without objection.	
Discussion:		
Discussion and Feedback in the Sessions		
3.9. Sessions are held under the Chatham House Rule. Recordings may not be used for anything other than personal purposes. An objection must be made to the tapes.		
3.10 Discussions are generally steered by raising the hand.		
3.11 Prepared interventions are encouraged, but please raise your hand to ensure your contribution is heard.		
3.12Guarantee that all interventions are shared; the speaker shall raise their hand.		
Feedback outside the Sessions		
3.13 Feedback to the Sprint Master is never shared with the group regarding a specific person.		
		
		
		
3.     Sprint Backlog		
The DoD: Final project report for an expert audience and public launch after the completion of the following tasks:		
·        Identify international standards and regulations that set requirements for thresholds and benchmarks -  A comprehensive list of relevant international standards and regulations with essential requirements summarised.		
·       Identify existing methodologies to establish thresholds and benchmarks - Detailed feedback on various methodologies analysed and validated by industry experts.		
·       Identify different use cases, preferences, and roles to apply thresholds and benchmarks - A document outlining use cases, preferences, and roles, reviewed and confirmed by potential users.		
·       Identify different categories in the value chain, including portfolios, to assess thresholds and benchmarks - A validated mapping of value chain categories and portfolios relevant to benchmarks and thresholds.		
·       Identify different categories of market participants - A categorised and cross-checked list of market participants with role descriptions.		
·       Define concepts of benchmarks and thresholds considering the points above - A comprehensive benchmark definition reviewed by the project team and stakeholders.		
·       Identify comparability, consistency, and other relevant points - Documented and tested solutions for comparability and consistency challenges with implementation guidelines.		
The project can cover at a later point in time:		
·       Testing and Refinement: Conduct pilot tests and refine factors based on feedback.		
·       Market Analysis: Perform comparative analysis with current market and sector-specific factors.		
·       Documentation and Knowledge Sharing: Produce a final report and share findings with stakeholders.		
All uncompleted tasks from this sprint will be re-added to the overall backlog (see above): 		
·       Validate the mapping of value chain categories and portfolios relevant to thresholds or benchmarks, ensuring completeness and accuracy		
·       Categorizing Market Participants and Defining Benchmark Concepts		
·       Categorise market participants and define benchmark concepts. Then, with the project team and stakeholders, review and approve the comprehensive benchmark definition.		
·       Document and test solutions for comparability and consistency challenges, creating and reviewing implementation guidelines		 
